He is not satisfied with his daughter
Found a poor boy
So I said hi to everyone
Blocked Zhou Huaijin from starting a business
That's not possible.
You are lying to me.
I lied to you.
It's because he doesn't want to embarrass you
And secretly delivering takeout outside behind your back
Subsidized household
I first met him
It's because he helped me retrieve my robbed bag.
Are you all right?
It's okay, thank you.
Otherwise, you should go to the hospital to have a look.
You were hurt for me too
It's too exaggerated to go to the hospital for this injury
And my wife looked worried.
Back?
It's okay. It's okay.
I was the one who peeked at his plan
I got my dad to support him
Your dad held him down 7 years ago
7 years later you still want him to have nothing
Only Me
The one who deserves to stand by his side
Jiangwan
If you really love him
Don't be so selfish
Decided not to give up on you
The phone you dialed is turned off, please
pick up
Hello, the phone you dialed is turned off.
Hey boss
Why don't you answer the phone?
I'm worried to death.
I'm fine, I'll go upstairs and change my clothes first
I'll finish the set for you, I swear
Sorry.
All about you
boss
Xiaojie